aireplay-ng: add page (#9333)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/aireplay-ng.md

# aireplay-ng

> Inject packets into a wireless network.
> Part of `aircrack-ng`.
> More information: <https://www.aircrack-ng.org/doku.php?id=aireplay-ng>.

> - Send a specified number of disassociate packets given the access point's MAC address, the client's MAC address and the interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send a specific number of disassociate packets given an access point's MAC address, a client's MAC address and an interface:
```
